content/java/concepts/strings/terms/getChars/getChars.md (#1956)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/strings/terms/getChars.md

---
Title: '.getChars()'
Description: ' Copies characters from the given string into the destination character array.'
Subjects:
  - 'Java'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **.getChars()** string method copies a set of characters from a string into a destination character array. 

## Syntax

The basic syntax of `.getChars()` in Java is:
```pseudo
getChars(int srcBegin, int srcEnd, char[] dst, int dstBegin)
```
A brief description of the parameters is as folllows:

- `srcBegin`: The index to start copying the new array.
- `scrEnd`: The index to stop copying the new array.

dst: - 'The name of the new array. '
dstBegin: The index of the destination array.

## Example

In the following example, `getChar()` converts an array into a new shorter array. It then prints the new array in the console 

> ```class example{

Reviewer: Again, you need to replace the example with the following:

````
```java
class Example { 
    public static void main(String[] args) { 
        String str = "Welcome to Texas"; 
        char[] destArray = new char[5]; 
        try { 
            str.getChars(0, 5, destArray, 0); 
            System.out.println(destArray); 
        } 
        catch (Exception ex) { 
            System.out.println(ex); 
        } 
    } 
}
```

This results in the following output:

```shell
Welco
```
````

---
Title: '.getChars()'
Description: ' Copies characters from the given string into the destination character array.'
Subjects:
  - 'Java'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **.getChars()** string method copies a set of characters from a string into a destination character array. 

## Syntax

> The basic syntax of `.getChars()` in Java is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic syntax of `.getChars()` in Java is:

```

```pseudo
getChars(int srcBegin, int srcEnd, char[] dst, int dstBegin)
```

> A brief description of the parameters is as folllows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A brief description of the parameters is as follows:
```

---
Title: '.getChars()'

> Description: ' Copies characters from the given string into the destination character array.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Copies characters from the given string into the destination character array.'
```

---
Title: '.getChars()'
Description: ' Copies characters from the given string into the destination character array.'
Subjects:
  - 'Java'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:

>   - 'learn-c-sharp'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'learn-java'
```

>   - 'paths/Java'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

>   - 'paths/Java'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

---

> The **.getChars()** string method copies a set of characters from a string into a destinatin character array. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **.getChars()** string method copies a set of characters from a string into a destination character array. 
```

> ## Synthax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

> The basic syntax of .getChars() in Java is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic syntax of `.getChars()` in Java is:

```

```pseudo
getChars(int srcBegin, int srcEnd, char[] dst, int dstBegin)
```

> A brief description of the parameters is below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A brief description of the parameters is as follows:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove extra line break

> srcBegin: - 'The index to start copying the new array. '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `srcBegin`: The index to start copying the new array.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove extra line break

> scrEnd: - 'The index to stop copying the new array.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `scrEnd`: The index to stop copying the new array.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove extra line break

> dst: - 'name of the new array. '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dst`: The name of the new array.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove extra line break

> dstBegin: - 'The index of the destination array.' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dstBegin`: The index of the destination array.
```

## Example

> In the following example, `getChar()` converts an array into a new shorter array. It then prints the new array in the consule. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, `getChar()` converts an array into a new shorter array. It then prints the new array in the console. 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove extra line break.

> ```class example{

Reviewer: Replace this example with the following:
````
```java
class Example { 
    public static void main(String[] args) { 
        String str = "Welcome to Texas"; 
        char[] destArray = new char[5]; 
        try { 
            str.getChars(0, 5, destArray, 0); 
            System.out.println(destArray); 
        } 
        catch (Exception ex) { 
            System.out.println(ex); 
        } 
    } 
}
```

This results in the following output:

```shell
Welco
```

````

---
Title: '.getChars()'

> Description: ' A java strings method that copies characters from the given string into the destination character array.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: ' A java strings method that copies characters from the given string into the destination character array.'
```
```suggestion
Description: ' Copies characters from the given string into the destination character array.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **.getChars()** string method copies a set of characters from an array. The method then copies the characters into character array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.getChars()`** string method copies a set of characters from a string into a destination character array.
```

> ## **Synthax**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

```pseudo

> str.getChars(12, 25, destArray, 0);

Reviewer: You need to label the parameters of the method and describe them below. Use named variables rather than arbitrary numbers so you can describe their use below.

```

> 'str' is the string that is being converted to a new array 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`str` is the string that is being converted to a new array 
```

> ## **Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

> In the following example, 'getChars()' converts a 'string' into a new array. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, `.getChars()` converts part of a `string` into a new array. 
```

> ```cs

Reviewer: Several things here.  First off you misplaced the end of the code block, Second, you need to test your code to make sure the example works. Third, you are writing a Java string method, not the c# method. Your syntax and examples need to be in Java.
